Lauren Vail get real let me say this to
you once she's a cheerleader she's the
prom queen this football team gives you
more pass protection than our
quarterback
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna ask her out
okay
hi Lauren Angie Clements fifth period
entry I thought maybe you'd like to
go out sometime medic
forget her look you'd go out you
probably have a great time maybe your
best date ever then you come back to
school all smiles and some linebackers
remove your teeth come with me I know
it'll ease your pain
you'll be turning head
not a rock concert
those are real models the big time
that's what's going all out this year
what's want that new athletic equipment
pretty bad oh I see a guy I see a nice
she let me see I got a better idea let's
go ahead lot guess you don't want any
fashion flunkies hanging around chill
I'll get the sign angels
she's a 10 definitely attendant
okay but are you ready to rub elbows
with the beautiful and incredibly
shapely we can't go in there
wait you're gonna camp
man no one should be allowed to have
legs Sam I don't care if you're the
school's photographer just stay out of
my way
can't believe how graceful there
somebody better get the nurse a bad
string honey are you all right please
this is just terrific one body short in
the agencies booked solid I'm available
you hardly fit the Wardrobe dear
but he does
it was awful absolutely awful
what's going on mrs. Shaolin back was
robbed robbed purse snatcher I got out
of the car and zoom my purse my wallet
gone my whole life was in there I feel
so violated I'll get you a glass of
water this is the third incident in the
neighborhood this week something has got
to be done
well as it happens I do possess a black
belt in Aikido a little something I
picked up while on a fellowship in Japan
I would be willing to teach self-defense
to anyone in the neighborhood in that's
a terrific idea don't you think so ruse
sounds wonderful and then if I happen to
run into that guy again I can defend
myself by ripping out his lungs
Saturday night date off to school off to
the funny farm hey I wasn't too sure
about this modeling thing either but a
top fashion coordinator picked me out
especially for this job she obviously
saw something right someone who is
willing to stand in front of the entire
school looking like a Gomer Gomer Aaron
wait I need your help
for one thing you don't just stand there
you have to move modeling is all about
poise now imagine there's a string
coming out of the top of your head
or string are you going to argue or
listen now think that this string
supports your whole body while you walk
like this that's it I'm not sure I can
pull this off
don't be ridiculous honey everything
about you shouts of innocence silly you
wouldn't like it stage fright just don't
flow look bored
it's loge if you want see you tonight
slouch
are you nuts my mother's gonna be there
who's gone alright ciao ciao I have to
admit modelling it does have its upside
oh sorry you are gonna be sorry pretty
boy
on the other hand there is a downside I
thought it said we're gonna learn how to
defend ourselves we are think
velocity combined with force can be a
lethal weapon by controlling energy one
can use an attackers own momentum to
overcome in every particle will continue
in a state of motion in a constant speed
in a straight line until compelled by a
force to change that state Newton he
means a body in motion tends to remain
in motion exactly now each of you will
have an opportunity to try for
yourselves just imagine that the dummy
is someone who is trying to attack you
any volunteers
will you get out of here go backstage
the matter
searching like that didn't someone tell
him about the string
you look like you were in pain out there
I wash these shoes are too tight keep it
I like it
hurry up you're back on in three is
there a separate change area for guys be
right here come on come on come on
amateurs really don't want to do this
did you make some kind of secret website
ladylike I mean the fashion gig last
week and now this what are you talking
about yeah weird it's been happening all
morning
hi Andrew would you autograph mine
autograph your what
but exactly man oh man they must have
taken this is the fashion show how many
of these are there I don't sweat it
probably an isolated case I'm sure
there's only one or two hundred there
you are
Andrew I booked you for a fashion shoot
next Thursday one of the bigwigs caught
the show and loved your look wants each
do a layout for the fall line oh no way
75 an hour - the usual ten percent
seventy five bucks an hour okay ninety
come on dear have a God all day do it do
it here's the address
10:00 sharp and no partying the night
before we don't want any dark circles
under those fresh little eyes do we do
not happen to mention how exceptionally
photogenic I am I need boxes power and
it does not get any better than this
hi Andrew Lorne Balfe disappeared
history I thought maybe you'd like to go
out sometime
trust and release one fluid motion trust
release excellence Stephanie you have a
perfect form yeah right rather rather
you you you have perfect form
thank you pit hey mom's ville dr. jay
stirrer Andrew there's a sandwich in the
fridge if you're hungry no thanks I'm
doing a little love handle surveillance
oh there he is
calendar boy I think I have some
homework I have already been invited to
for parties just because you're my
brother briar woods hunk you must be so
proud
Stephanie Andrew what is this calendar
Andrew it's Doyle's deli they want to
name a sandwich after you
the Andrew Clemons double bun burger uh
I'll get back to them
what is this it certainly is revealing
trust me it's not a big deal it's just
some dumb fundraising stunt for the
school really it's no big thing
Haji fight me
ki type No excellent excellent class you
make your sensei proud and now for the
final test for your yellow belts
positions
me pass
hey Sarge our line but I'm booked solid
for three weeks maybe later
your dad's Chalet Andrew listen
someone's just come in can I get back to
you on that date sure I'd love to see
you too okay bye hey MA
Hey rats ranch Thanks I want to talk to
you for a second okay
uh actually mom I was just on my way out
can we do it later Andrew I knew you had
nothing to do with it I think we ought
to discuss this calendar thing okay
shoot I know and I know how intoxicating
popularity can be i sure was in here
this morning party invitations being a
member of the in-crowd fan must have
taken it they're always ripping through
will you please pay attention to me
thank you honey
it's just that it's important to
cultivate friends who like you who like
you as a person and not is that well you
know is oh honey you understand what I'm
saying
not really as a sex symbol mom I just
don't want that to happen to you that's
all a person feels devalued when they're
being treated like an object but mom I
like it so what do you like to do on
weekends Laurie look there's some
friends they're gonna die hey guys hey
she just look there's that girl from Mac
just look at the lay low she's with blue
skirt
my best friend wouldn't spread it around
hey drew come on let's go but what about
Krueger's and fries of Bernice
Andrew Street making nine bucks an hour
yes my briefcase
ready to meet your monster breath
this briefcase was a gift from my father
and it means an awful lot to me thank
you thank you very much not good enough
you know what I want
yes
congratulations
no the hair is all wrong we do something
about the hair and wrong with my hair
well maybe we could hit it it's not just
the hair the complexion is no good it's
wrong if we can push it is a little
pasty I don't like the face what's wrong
with my face all wrong sure it's fresh
but it's also polite be polite try some
more eyeliner maybe that'll help hey do
you mind oh it hurts useless the hairs
like straw what about a hairpiece
hairpiece excuse me why is she wearing
my body here stuff your buns into this
what do you think this is I'm not some
piece of meat you can just order around
Andrew this is our big chance a good
chance excuse me Alan I don't have to
listen to you I don't have to listen to
any of you Andrew you're making a scene
what do you care all you wanted to
trophy on your arm anyway
don't call me I'll call you
96 maybe 798
okay Clements select we show her the
photos or not I kind of like this one
with me and letter the best don't you
Kirk
trust me you don't want to do this sex
symbol isn't all it's cracked up to be
the genes aren't two months are they
Stevens didn't you hear a word I said
people treat you like you're subhuman I
heard it I just miss buying it and once
y'all awake on us all our girlfriends
got a picture your skinny body in their
lockers thank you yeah don't know what
they see in here but thanks
Thanks yeah on account of your calendar
school bought us all new uniforms
I knew that